do some boiling water want to add some
salt I'm doing two tablespoons then I'm
going to add one box of PNA pasta and it
helped keep you from sticking we're
going to stir it up just a little bit to
a hot pan we're going to add some oil
and then we're going to give it a swirl
and when the pan is coated we're going
to start adding our veggies we'll start
out with some onion I'm using purple but
you could use white I'm going to add
some bell pepper
I'm using red but you could add any
color you want remember it's your dish
do it your way I'm going to add some
mushrooms now if you don't like
mushrooms leave them out and two cloves
of garlic that have been crushed and
then we're going to start mixing this up
and cook it until everything is starting
to soften up a little bit you don't have
to fully cook it because it's going to
finish cooking in the oven time to add
the tomato puree the dried herbs I'm
using are oregano basil thyme and
rosemary we're going to add our earth
dried herbs salt and pepper we're going
to give this a stir bring it up to a
simmer and keep it simmering until we're
ready to use it after we strain our
pasta we're going to put it back in the
pot and we're going to add the sauce
that's been simmering give it a real
good mix
add the pasta to a casserole dish top it
with mozzarella cheese now don't be shy
yeah
more cheese we're going to add our
pepperoni and then we're going to put
this thing into an oven preheated at 350
degrees for 30 minutes
yeah lots of pepperoni and while my
casserole is bacon I'm going to enjoy a
witness whiskey for my flavor sample
pack here they have a subscription
service where you can sample nice
quality liquors without buying bottles
I'll include a link to the company's
website in the show more box and this is
what it looks like when it comes out of
the oven now the hard part we have to
wait about 10 minutes while I'm serving
this up it'd be a great time for you to
like the video share it with your
friends and if you're not already
subscribed please do so now so the
question how does our pizza taste our
pizza casserole oh yeah Oh make sure we
get some pepperoni
hmm
if you like pizza you'll like this